This paper brings new web data and machine learning methods in order to expose the structure and the evolution of regional trade interdependencies. Although our focus is on the UK regions, the proposed research framework lends itself to applications to other countries. Interregional trade relationships have traditionally been very difficult to capture, as national statistics do not monitor intra-country trade links at the firm level. Recently, the EUREGIO project (Thissen et al., 2018) has published spatially disaggregated Input-Output (I-O) information for 37 NUTS2 UK regions for 14 industries, which includes imports and exports by region of origin and destination. This database was developed using the interregional trade data from the PBL Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency, freight transport data from Eurostat (for goods), and business flight ticket information (for services). Nevertheless, building such an interregional trade dataset has been a costly and non-trivial process. In this paper, we are proposing a new research framework to predict such flows by utilising freely available web data. Specifically, we are employing the JISC UK Web Domain Dataset in order to extract hyperlinks between geolocated commercial websites in the UK. This dataset is a subset of the Internet Archive, which includes all the archived webpages under the .uk country code Top Level Domain (ccTLD). We are able to geolocate these webpages by searching the archived web text for the inclusion of a UK postcode. In addition, this dataset also contains the hyperlinks included in the archived webpages and we are able to aggregate these data and create an interregional network based on the hyperlinks between geolocated commercial webpages. Formally, we approach the prediction of the trade flows as a regression problem. Hence, we employ some well-established machine learning models, such as Random Forests, to predict interregional trade flows using, among other features, the network of digital interdependencies between the UK regions. Our results indicate a very high capacity of the interregional hyperlinks feature to predict interregional trade indicating that trade leaves behind significant digital breadcrumbs. 
